yeah
uh-huh
they didn't stop okay Arlene your kind
of dances oh I was bathing in that ocean
of that Cuban motion one very quick
thing work on your upper body cuz you're
gonna be gorgeous
right
I think the salsa needs that little sort
of stupid look that yeah you know it's
not a formal dance I tell you what John
that was the best dance of this whole
series so
and John the he pack show and you were a
ferret down your pants movies don't hit
that we end one thing be armed the best
armed action we've seen tonight that was
the correct way of do you think one word
and you deserve a big government you
were absolutely loved it
trade Revel Horwood
good